IfcCommunicationsAppliance Rail Import BIMQ 2021-07-21T07:21:13.7228368Z (#177)
bSI-InfraRoom/IFC-Specification: IFC4x3/Sections/Domain specific data schemas/Schemas/IfcRailDomain/PropertySets/Pset_CommunicationsApplianceTypeTelecommand/Documentation.md

> Properties in this property set are applicable for the telecommand type of communications appliance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Properties common to a telecommand. This property set is applied to a type or occurrence of _IfcCommunicationsAppliance_ with predefined type of TELECOMMAND.
```

> Properties common to a telecommand. This property set is applied to a type or occurrence of _IfcCommunicationsAppliance_ with predefined type of TELECOMMAND.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Properties common to a telecommand. This property set is applied to a type or occurrence of _IfcCommunicationsAppliance_ with predefined type TELECOMMAND.
```
